you
hi guys I'm sorry longest
breakout - hmm at home and today I'm
going to show you how to make free
boogie we CEO blue means fire cookie
means meat so the meat cooked on the
fire like direct from the fire is Rivoli
that it will they come from but nowadays
the boogie is a Korea signature making
meat that you cook on either stove or
grill or however you look so the first
we are going to make ricotta sauce what
you need five spots garlic and use
missing ball and I'm going to use a half
of a large size onion very kidney slice
I'm able to be so many times in kind of
my life and I round up annually the
stars or just no neon yellow I just
Eddie later whenever I start fry but
actually thinly slice the onion in the
sauce it's best and I will add a little
bit green onions cut 1 inch long pieces
and if you're using me them with thicker
green onion cut it half lengthwise and
we will need a little bit of Asian pear
I really like a pear flavor in my grill
focus toss and actually tenderize the
meat as well if you don't have it where
you cannot find a jean pierre if you can
skip it you still can make it without it
ok I'm just going to crown my pair in my
this special ground
I found in the kitchen store so mayor I
will remember it actually but if you
don't have this obviously you can use
this cheese grater you want to perfect
ground either
tire on or sub hairs or other fruits
into the sauce perfect over here two
tablespoons of ground pear flavor for
vegetables
pegye risers are in my missing ball I'm
going to put all the sauces I'm using
ten POS tandem Jam this soy sauce guys
limit area it's probably the best soy
sauce is amazing so you will need two
tablespoons of example soy sauce 1
tablespoon of Sackett and 1 tablespoon
of mirin season the rice wine you don't
have a sake you can use red wine
actually dry red wine will work great
the blue polka sauce as well two
tablespoons of sugar 1 tablespoon of
good quality sesame oil and for a
teaspoon of salt 1/4 teaspoon of black
pepper and 1/2 tablespoon of sesame
seeds I wanna make sure the sauce is all
cooperated together first and I'm going
to add one pound of ribeye and this is
actually from Korean store they cut
revival Rumaki which is very thinly cut
and revival is actually commonly used
for people here in Korea so if you
cannot buy this meat and I understand
because I've been in the place where I
cannot buy this kind of cut of meat at
the store and even though I asked the
butcher they wouldn't do it because I
guess it's like extra work to do it so I
understand it's hard to get in some
places what you can do is purchase a
chocoberry buy and freeze it in the
freezer about 1 hour to two hours now
all the way through we just try to
freeze it the outside the product every
buy so it's easily cut and just mix
everything together carefully cut out
the beef meat is easy to break down
what's going over here and that means
you stop you like come on remember my
first youtube video
something of us soy sauce is sugar and
sesame oil and just make this world a
better place you can marinate and list
them in it to overnight so it's really
depending on how good you are planning
your meal and you can cook on the stove
just on the skillet just it's okay we'll
start fry it or you can cook on the
grill like how I am about
right I will go get it done
oh it's a like Oprah go get porn right
here I'm gonna go cuss and just by
smelling it let's turn this on the play
perfect ha bubu give a little green
onion this is a little drizzle and
finish with some sesame seeds and there
you have it free cookie you can eat
bulgogi with just like this with Pororo
rice is perfectly delicious but how our
delighted it is free cookie
rice wrap it in the lettuce for that we
need a little sauce this is simple some
Jam sometime is a Korean dipping sauce
the mixture of guichen
which is Korean red pepper paste and
dwenjang just our bean paste so they are
together and a little more seasoning and
stop down right here
it's really great with a barbecue Korean
barbecue sauce so most of them filled
some of them together with Mario key so
all the latter is food warm cook the
rice and quickly boogie some time and if
you want you can add a slice of garlic
and pepper and maybe a slice of cucumber
kimchi as well
in Korea Food Channel which is vomited
sauce super important for the taste and
scent bill between your breath if you
like to grab a burger recipe give me
thumbs up and subscribe my channel for
more inspirations and idea of Asian home
cooking
thank you so much for watching me today
and remember you can always shoot Asian
food at your house making it easy and
fun
I'm Sonya gasps and this is Asian and
calm I will see you next time bye